>> Jen Kramer: Fabulous.
So let me go through your exercises for
you to work on today.
We'll scroll on down here to
the bottom of our CSS document today.
[COUGH] So as always,
I've given you some references for
some reading some things that
we've talked about today,
I'll add the reference to
the Cclor picker color zilla.
So we've got the link to
color it out adobe.com there.
We've got the link to the validator.
We've got some more reading on CSS.
So your exercises include
to style your book chapter.
So you did all that work on
your book chapter yesterday.
You've got some amazing HTML markup.
Now we wanna go through and
try to start making it pretty.
So, think about colors and
background images, styling text, and
think about elements, classes,
IDs and descendant selectors,
and make your styles and
an external style sheet.
Okay, do whatever you want,
whatever makes you happy.
Whatever is pretty as you know
it's a book about photography.
Maybe that'll give you some ideas.
And then we have some additional practice
here for you just like we did yesterday.
So this is the W3Schools.
There are some links here that will
talk to you about the inline styles,
the embedded style.
So you get a little practice with those.
Also, some limited styling exercises here.
And then much more extensive styling
exercises here, in terms of syntax,
backgrounds, text links, and fonts.
And then if you get through all that,
and you still need more to do, or
you're still having fun, and you wanna
do some more remember those pages
that we put together yesterday
about you and the hobby page?
Keep on styling those too.
Go grab pictures,
start putting some pictures in those,
start changing some colors and
make it pretty as you can.
There's only so far you're gonna be
able to get it pretty today because you
don't know how to do layouts yet.
Right?
Don't know how to do any columns,
don't know how to make your
text wrap around your images.
That is all stuff we're going
to be talking about next time.
Okay?
But
this this will be plenty of stuff
to get you thinking about things.
The other thing you should not hesitate
to do is look up more CSS styling
beyond what I've talked to you about.
So feel free to dig into some of the CSS
references that are out there and
try out new properties and
values as well, okay.
>> Student1: I just recommend both MDN and
CSS tricks as great places.
>> Jen Kramer: Perfect, CSS tricks and
Mozilla Developer Network or
MDN as you'll often hear it referred
to those are two great places
to read up on CSS styling and
Jenna you had a question?
>> Student2: Was why you're
using W3Schools over?
>> Jen Kramer: I'm using W3 schools for
because they have these lovely exercises.
Okay, W3Schools is a very controversial
resource in a lot of ways.
Because if you actually read the W3Schools
website, it will tell you that they
don't guarantee that any of
the information they tell you is correct.
[LAUGH] As opposed to
the Mozilla Developer Network,
which does promise that
they give correct answers.
However W3Schools does have a lovely
way of presenting the information.
It's much more beginner friendly, I think
over the Mozilla Developer Network,
which is kinda hardcore
professional kinda thing.
Plus W3Schools has these
exercises which are really nice.
That you can try this out write
code right there in the browser and
get answers as to whether you're right or
wrong.
So that's why I've pointed
you there to those.